Create ui-c8y-1023-97-2-fixed-all-data-graph-event-related-issues.md (#4865)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/ui-c8y-1023-97-2-fixed-all-data-graph-event-related-issues.md

---
date: ""
title: Fixed data graph event issues
product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-YbYJ3gLU_
    label: Web SDK
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-67092
version: 1023.97.2
---

> Data graph events were not functioning correctly dysplaying the wrong time on the chart, causing issues with event handling and data visualization. This release fixes all identified data graph event-related issues to ensure that events are properly processed and displayed in the data graphs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Data graph events were not functioning correctly, displaying the wrong time on the chart, causing issues with event handling and data visualization. This change fixes all identified data graph event-related issues to ensure that events are properly processed and displayed in the data graphs.
```
